So some commands work better with pipes than others.
There's lots of them that deal with text or files that work really good.
There's a command called 'tr'.  One called 'sed', 'awk', 'cut', 'grep', 'diff' and 'sort'.
You don't have to remember all those right now.
I'm just showing you a few examples.
So usually there's some interactive programs like where the program will and ask a question and you
have to type in an answer.
Programs like that don't usually work that well with pipes because they're expecting different kind
of input from the user
that's more procedural.
Some of those other programs I listed will work a lot better for pipes, but I think we're going to
use a pipe in your script now and we'll see what you can do.